README.md, before:

# Confidential Computing + AMD SEV‑SNP + vHSM (Summary)

Confidential Computing keeps data safe while it’s being used, not just at rest or in transit. It runs sensitive code inside a Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) or enclave.

## TEE in Action

- Memory Encryption: RAM inside the enclave is encrypted.
- Attestation: Proves the enclave is authentic and running trusted code.
- Confidential Boot: Only verified components load before the enclave starts.
- Sealing/Binding: Data is encrypted so only that enclave/device can use it.
- Secret Provisioning: Keys are delivered directly into the enclave without exposure.

“Encrypted RAM + Proof + Safe Start + Locked Data + Hidden Keys” = TEE in action.

## AMD SEV‑SNP (Secure Encrypted Virtualization – Secure Nested Paging)

- Memory encryption: All VM memory is encrypted by CPU.
- Integrity protection: Stops memory rollback or tampering.
- Secure nested paging: Hypervisor cannot map or access VM memory.
- Attestation: Remote verification that VM runs inside a protected enclave.

### How it works

- VM memory & CPU registers are encrypted automatically.
- CPU enforces access rules via RMP & page validation.
- Hypervisor or host cannot access VM memory (even VMPL0).
- Remote attestation proves VM runs securely inside SEV‑SNP.

## vHSM’s Role

- Acts as a secure key vault inside the VM.
- Keys are generated and stay inside the vHSM; they never leave protected memory.
- SEV‑SNP ensures vHSM memory is encrypted and tamper-proof.
- Applications request keys from vHSM; hypervisor or cloud provider cannot read them.

## Attestation & Key Provisioning Flow

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant App as Application
    participant vHSM as vHSM (in SEV‑SNP VM)
    participant VM as SEV‑SNP VM (Encrypted RAM)
    participant Attest as Attestation Service
    participant Prov as Provisioning Service

    Note over VM: Confidential Boot (only verified components)
    App->>vHSM: Request key
    Note over VM: CPU enforces RMP & page validation
    Note over VM: Hypervisor cannot read VM memory (VMPL0)
    VM->>Attest: Send attestation report
    Attest-->>Prov: Verified VM approved
    Prov->>vHSM: Secret provisioning (keys delivered)
    vHSM-->>App: Use key (keys never leave protected memory)
```

Commit message:

Enhance README with Nitride attestation details
Updated the Attestation & Key Provisioning Flow section to include Nitride as the VM Attestation/Provisioning Agent and clarified the flow of key requests and approvals.

README.md, after:

# Confidential Computing + AMD SEV‑SNP + vHSM (Summary)

Confidential Computing keeps data safe while it’s being used, not just at rest or in transit. It runs sensitive code inside a Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) or enclave.

## TEE in Action

- Memory Encryption: RAM inside the enclave is encrypted.
- Attestation: Proves the enclave is authentic and running trusted code.
- Confidential Boot: Only verified components load before the enclave starts.
- Sealing/Binding: Data is encrypted so only that enclave/device can use it.
- Secret Provisioning: Keys are delivered directly into the enclave without exposure.

“Encrypted RAM + Proof + Safe Start + Locked Data + Hidden Keys” = TEE in action.

## AMD SEV‑SNP (Secure Encrypted Virtualization – Secure Nested Paging)

- Memory encryption: All VM memory is encrypted by CPU.
- Integrity protection: Stops memory rollback or tampering.
- Secure nested paging: Hypervisor cannot map or access VM memory.
- Attestation: Remote verification that VM runs inside a protected enclave.

### How it works

- VM memory & CPU registers are encrypted automatically.
- CPU enforces access rules via RMP & page validation.
- Hypervisor or host cannot access VM memory (even VMPL0).
- Remote attestation proves VM runs securely inside SEV‑SNP.

## vHSM’s Role

- Acts as a secure key vault inside the VM.
- Keys are generated and stay inside the vHSM; they never leave protected memory.
- SEV‑SNP ensures vHSM memory is encrypted and tamper-proof.
- Applications request keys from vHSM; hypervisor or cloud provider cannot read them.

## Attestation & Key Provisioning Flow (with Nitride)

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant App as Application
    participant vHSM as vHSM (in SEV‑SNP VM)
    participant VM as SEV‑SNP VM (Encrypted RAM)
    participant Nitride as Nitride (VM Attestation/Provisioning Agent)
    participant Attest as Attestation Service (Verifier)
    participant Prov as Provisioning Service / KMS

    Note over VM: Confidential Boot; SEV‑SNP active (encrypted RAM, integrity)
    App->>vHSM: Request key / crypto operation

    alt Key present and allowed
        vHSM-->>App: Perform crypto (keys never leave vHSM)
    else Key missing or gated by policy
        vHSM-->>Nitride: Key X required (trigger attestation)
        Nitride->>Attest: Send SEV‑SNP attestation report (with nonce)
        Attest-->>Nitride: Approval token (measurements OK)
        Nitride->>Prov: Present token; request key X
        Prov->>vHSM: Inject key X directly into vHSM (inside VM)
        vHSM-->>App: Perform crypto using key X
    end

    Note over VM,vHSM: Hypervisor cannot read VM memory (RMP, VMPL protections)
```

### Where Nitride fits
- Inside-VM agent that:
  - Generates and submits the SEV‑SNP attestation report to the verifier.
  - On approval, presents the token to Provisioning/KMS.
  - Receives keys on behalf of the VM and ensures they are injected directly into vHSM.
- vHSM never sends reports and never exposes raw keys; it only performs crypto and stores keys in protected memory.
